All right guys welcome back to the last lecture we talked about getting the attention of reporters and
other media types interacting with them in some constructive way like answering questions or sharing
helpful data is a lot better than emailing them cold or getting in their face when they all collapse
Twitter message that says hey write about my product bro.
Well in this lecture I have a specific tip that can help you get the attention of reporters who might
spend time on platforms like Corra or Reddit.
Both of those sites feature a lot of opportunities for people to answer questions and give feedback
on things they know about.
Read it has lots of sub Bretta it's about specific subjects and threads plenty on the finer details
of how to use photoshop to make logos what version of Minecraft people like most or the best mobile
apps for assembling a shopping list.
Now they've got opinions to share but also experience that makes for good research material for reporters
needing some insight for a story.
So if one of the reporters on your radar is writing a story on something and you know that they have
questions or they're asking questions oftentimes on reddit you can just find crowdsourced information
and you pick and actually choose some of the better stuff and then present that to them.
Doing that job of ferrying information from different sources that they might not be aware of is quite
valuable and that's pretty helpful.
Now Cora is very much the same way where they have people who are asking questions.
People answering those questions.
And the best response is get uploaded.
So in a similar vein you can use these as research in order to help reporters out.
But there's another way you can use Corra to get a reporter's attention and this is a this is a tactic
I've seen work repeatedly what we're going to do on as we're going to find a question that relates to
our product or service or the industry we're in or where our industry and our interests overlap with
the reporter that we actually care about.
And then what we're going to do is we're going to ask that reporter to check out that question and give
some feedback.
Now this is a move some people have called the coral poll and actually it's just a name I came up with.
We're going to roll with it anyway.
Here's how it works.
You start with a search on for your related topic.
For example are using the iPhone example you type in iPhone accessories up top and you'll see the official
core topic page.
Post pop up if we scroll down we see some questions or threads about cases headphones whatever we want
to coverage for an iPhone case.
We designed well this would be the right place.
But what exactly are we looking for a thread we can take part in something we're actually qualified
to answer and at some knowledge to what we don't want to do has turned this into a shameless plug of
your product for example.
Check this one out.
What are some beautiful car mounts for portable devices.
Sure enough the top responses from people who are plugging their products I'm not saying that's a no
no.
But if you intend on sharing this with a reporter and asking them for their feedback on it they're probably
going to think they are just trying to get coverage for your product which you are and that's not what
you want them to think so probably ignore you.
Get a better way of doing this.
Maybe you've invented your own iPhone accessory for taking better selfies or a case that's got.
I don't know one of those tracking chips in it.
You never lose your phone whatever.
But be kind of cool.
Yes I know there's a find my iPhone feature but what if you don't want to use it for some reason.
I don't know that this is not a bulletproof idea.
So we've made this iphone case with the tracker.
The anti find my phone and you'd like to get some coverage about it.
So we'll go to Corra and find a related topic we can participate in so we can pull a reporter in later.
Now one topic though would make sense is the Find My iPhone feature which is something that we can type
in to Corra And there's the topic itself.
Let's click in there and see what's going on.
OK.
Here's a thread we can add to how does Apple's find my device compare to Android device manager.
Like let's assume your knowledge both these apps.
Hopefully you do because this is your industry which you probably could if you designed a case that
does the similar thing find an angle for yourself in this thread and contribute some thoughts.
Now try to offer at least one unique point that sets your answer apart from the others.
There.
Now once you do that it's time to use the core a Poland tactic.
Now what you do at this point is you go to your target and you say hey I've answered this question to
the best of my knowledge.
And then you just say you're an expert on this.
People respect your opinion or I can see that you clearly know a lot about this.
Is there anything you could add to it.
Now the way you invite them is one of two ways.
One you can e-mail them or tweet at them depending if you have access to that hopefully at this point
in time your research you have that end or what you can do is use Coras built in feature to invite someone
to answer a question.
Right.
So basically that is isn't asked to answer.
So people call it a it's usually up at the top of the question you can invite someone to answer.
You actually have a limit I think per month on how many times you can do this or something like that.
But anyway so you've answered it what you can do is go ask to answer that will send an email to that
specific person and then so I suggest that you can follow up with an e-mail if you have access to them.
Now here's something you could say in that e-mail.
Hi reporter guy or gal.
You know whatever their name is.
I know you've written a bunch of times about iPhone security or find my iPhone feature whatever film
is part on the iPhone.
Phone blog whatever site they're using.
I just had a quick question for you.
I'm researching the differences between find my iPhone and Android Device Manager whatever sounds plausible
for a new post I'm running.
And just answer the question score about it I was hoping you might be able to provide a quote from a
post by weighing in on my core a response.
You can insert it here insert link here.
You can also Alternatively just ask them for feedback if it's correct.
If they have any opinions on it or assume they want to contribute.
Probably the easiest thing to do is just ask for a quote then you'd say I'd appreciate any help you
provide.
Thanks so much Evan.
Or you know whatever your name is.
So what we're doing is giving our source a heads up about a post they might find interesting and an
opportunity to feature Nepos we're going.
Right.
I realize this might sound backwards to you since you know you're the one that wanted to be featured
in an article they might want to write about but what you're doing here is basically just starting a
relationship and you're starting it on a really good footing.
You're basically complimenting their expertise bringing them something that is relevant to them and
something they might actually care about.
And you know a little bit you're getting them a little bit of exposure.
Now it's a core post and if they're active on the platform which you know your research already confirm
if they are or not that they'll be more apt to respond.
When people basically hand them opportunities to provide quotes for a post some people jump at the chance
do it without even thinking.
So for some of your leads and for you this could be a win win.
So what's the potential end result here.
Well one you can enter the source directly and now you're on the radar too.
Maybe you get a quote from them for a post.
You can write about N3.
Yes you can now write this post with their quote posted and link to them and or for this gives you an
excuse to contact the source again thanking them and reconnecting with them again down the road.
There you go.
Mission accomplished.
They now probably know who you are.
So there you go.
All of the set of instructions for Corra or actually do it you can also do this on reddit.
Either way you can use these for mining answers to help them.
Or do Pullens.
Both are common places where writers hang out ask questions get answers.
Now obviously remember not to be too Salzer with your response or your pitch and use this experience
as a way to build a relationship before you do the big ask and pitch them on your product or idea.
Already guys.
That's it for this lecture.
I'll see you in the next one.